---
published: true
title: Cooking
layout: post
---
So, I was originally just going to make two-lined "poems" type things, but I figured I might as well talk about actual stuff to. Anyway, I joined a random cooking competition with some friends (for amateurs of course) and surprisingly (without any previous cooking experience or knowledge aside from TV) got 2nd place? It was pretty cool and a great experience, but I'm gonna need to hone my kitchen skills before taking part in one of those again. So I just thought I'd update my non-existent viewership about my ever-so-interesting life.
<br/><br/>
I figure that if anything actually cool ever happens to me, I'll probably write it up here pretty vaguely. It is a blog after all.
<br/><br/>
So I started this blog a while ago when I was reading fanfiction (because that's how I waste my time) and was like "suddenly inspired" to create a blog. I wanted to play around with it a bit and was kind of tired of the mainstream blogging sites like Blogger, Tumblr, Wordpress, Insta, Twitter, (they kept making stuff complicated and I'd always lose my password) etc. and I had a little bit of web design knowledge before-hand so I figured I'd try TinyPress (I didn't need my HTML at all).
<br/><br/>
When I started this blog, I was feeling kind of... melancholic? And down? I guess. But like, mostly I can only write slightly depressing crap (yes I acknowledge my writing is terrible) regardless of my actual mood (I'm generally pretty okay) so that's a lot of what will be seen here.
<br/><br/>
This is getting pretty long so...
<br/>
TL;DR I joined a cooking competition with my friends and got second place, and I might update more about events that happen in my life.