---
published: true
title: Japanese
layout: post
---
Hey, so my friend wants to learn Japanese (with me-ish) and it's pretty cool because I've wanted to learn Japanese or Korean for a while, but I'm kinda hesitant because I don't know if they're serious about it and I feel like I'd be disappointed if they aren't.
<br/>
Isn't it weird that it's always kind of like this, but I feel like I can't be disappointed because there was never a promise, just a passing verbal agreement, forgotten in the thick veil of sleep and night and the internet and things more interesting than I?
<br/>
The weirdest thing is I kind of want to gain traffic, even though this blog is actually kind of personal. It's a bit disappointing when you write and write and hope and hope for someone to say something ("hey, it's okay", "your writing is really good", "you're funny, in a good way"), but no one even sees the effort. It makes you want to drop things and drop and drop and drop and fall. Either way, I'm kind of used to it, so I shall share with this blank web of internet my recent discovery.
<br/>
I'm actually really interested in Astrology/Physics, and Aerodynamics and crap even though I know close to nothing about it. Anyway that's it.
<br/>
Is it weird that I feel disappointed at my lack of movement towards anything? I follow and follow others and sometimes I avoid things just for the sake of not following because I feel like I've followed too much, and I miss things, and I don't know what to do because I wish I had just ignored the social barriers of "copy-cat" and just gone ahead with what I like and enjoy and want to do because now I'm doing nothing and it feels like I'm doing everything but in the complete wrong way.
<br/>
I feel oddly poetic in a way that I'll cringe when I read this, and it's not good in terms of poetry, but it's words and poetry is words. It can be complicated, sure, with all the literary devices, but it can be the spew of words in garbled and mangled sentences that only make sense to myself and that run marathons past the finish line, but words in the purest form.
<br/>
I feel oddly excited for things that aren't happening. I wonder if that's another form of disappointment.
<br/>
I wonder if I'm disappointed in myself for not letting those things happen.
<br/>
I wonder if I'm doing anything while everyone does something and I wonder where I am going when I'm not going anywhere.
<br/>
Sometimes I wonder, with my all-powerful will to be alive, how I'm going to survive in a world that only spins for those who run forward because I'm not just staying still, I'm accelerating backwards and letting myself get eaten up by black holes that pierce the atmosphere because the world is flat, in a way that no one really thinks about. It's flat in a sense that cannot be wrapped around because we're too busy trying not to fall off the edge as it travels too fast for us and friction isn't enough to keep our feet fixed on the dirt.
<br/>
I want to live, to be alive, but in this fast-paced world where talking is everything, where doing is everything, where being is everything, where I am nothing, how can I survive?
<br/>
This is the result of my thinking about my future, which is not usually this pleasant (sarcasm), because I know now that going with the flow might not be enough anymore, but I don't really know any other way to live.
<br/>
I guess I need to get out there and do stuff. I really want to write things though, but I'm a terrible writer. I used to do art too, but I'm like in a permanent art-block. I guess I have to figure it out before it's too late, but then again, even when it's too late, I guess it isn't too late to try again.
<br/>
This was overall really weird but yeah.
<br/>
Hopefully I get to learn Japanese with my friend? *crosses fingers*