---
published: true
title: Kpop
layout: post
---
So I got into Kpop earlier this year (even though I told myself I would not, never, get into this <strike>crap</strike>)....
<br/><br/>
Needless to say, I am dying because of this.
<br/><br/>
So I mentioned fanfiction last time, and I just wanted to elaborate on that and say that, yes, this was Kpop fanfiction (yes I know I am dead).
<br/><br/>
So, it started with K-Dramas (which I also was <i>not</i> interested in until a few years ago) and I watched Moorim School (which tbh was crap but that's okay) and I was like, dude this OST is my life. (also School 2015's OST [that one by Wendy and Yuk Jidam yes and also *Reset*] was amazing but that's irrelevant). So I searched up the group (for *Alive*, not *The King*) and I realized Hongbin was in the drama and Ken was in Boarding House No.24 (which I watched like two years ago), and that N was in Cheer Up (Sassy Go Go??). So I eventually got into their songs kinda (I'm 100% trash yes sue me) and like *Dynamite* came out? And I was fangirling somehow (how did I get this far?) and yeah...
<br/><br/>
Okay technically it started with 2NE1's *Comeback Home* but whatever that's a given that it's a good song.
<br/><br/>
On another note I watched Roommate and found out Youngji was in *Error* with Hongbin so.... ship time anyone? <strike>Youngji is like the most shippable girl ever.</strike>
<br/><br/>
Anyway, I got into Astro because of To Be Continued (which was also pretty much crap but once again, *who cares*?) and I was super excited for their debut. I was more than a little disappointed though because of the peppy, bright, cheerful, etc. song (but then again literally Astro is 90% kids) but their non-title tracks were awesome so yeah (although I'm not a big fan of the ballad-ish style either).
<br/><br/>
Ok so Nu'est's music is yesyesyes *fangirl squeals*. I literally heard like 10 seconds of *Face* on some variety show and I searched far and wide through Youtube trying to find out what song it was. Let's be honest, Nu'est has incredible songs. (also *Overcome* came out around that time so you can't blame me)
<br/><br/>
I was already familiar with 2PM and 2AM because of old variety shows and such, and while I was never a big fan of their music, they were pretty cool so I watched a few variety shows and such. (Jun.K's new song *Think About You* is so good though)
<br/><br/>
I got into a few songs from other artists too, like IU, Red Velvet, Gfriend (although Me Gustas Tu's pronunciation irked me haha), Day6 (their songs are pretty darn good) FT Island (I actually **really** like their music and I watched what little variety shows I could find of them), BTOB (mostly like their more upbeat songs), BTS (dude *Run*, *Dope*, and *I Need You* are so good, also frickin Rapmon's English is actually super on point and I'm not even sure if he's ever lived abroad before), some of 4Minute, some of T-ara, Shannon Williams, G.Na, Apink (Mostly Eunji, but on variety all of them), Mamamoo (because how can I leave them out?), Melody Day, The Ark (I would make a separate paragraph for them but they've disbanded and I cry because of their MV), Chocolat (also disbanded mostly), Two X (is it just me or do *Double Up* and *Ring Ma Bell* sound kinda similar? I like them both though), Sonamoo (mostly just *Deja Vu* though), Rania (actually I've only heard *Demonstrate* but that's okay), etc. etc. etc.
<br/><br/>
Gotta give respect to Ladies' Code though, the members are really strong to have been able to pull through after that likely traumatizing accident.
<br/><br/>
Then comes Brave Girls with *Deepened* and *High Heels* (came out around the same time ish), so now I gotta learn more people's names and faces...
<br/><br/>
Got7 too because I'm like 50% JB biased, 50% Got7 in general. It's weird because Got7 Jr and Nu'est JR are both the letters J and R and I found Nu'est first so I was like oh yeah, Got7's J-R. Which was wrong. But that's okay because I watched Dream High (1&2) and now I can't. (also that might explain my inexplicable bias for Wooyoung).
<br/><br/>
Last but not least, In-frickin-finite. Yes omg. I literally spend like 50% of my internet time fangirling over Infinite fanfictions. Let me tell you a story.
<br/>
So I was watching The Genius (like the genius I am, wasting more of my time), and I was like woah Sunggyu is super cool. I also previously watched those two Running Man episodes that Sunggyu was in (though he didn't really make a lasting impression from those for me because I was too busy focusing on like... Wooyoung and stuff [and others but I don't remember right now]) as well as that time he guest-hosted Weekly Idol for VIXX's appearance (might I remind you that I 100% love everything VIXX). So anyway, I watched a few more of Sunggyu's variety shows and stuff, and eventually (in a manner similar to my discovery of Nu'est, except that I already knew Sunggyu and his solo songs which btw I love and I can't deal with because I might die if I start to talk about those) I came across *Bad*. And from there, things were all <strike>downhill</strike> history.
<br/><br/>
So if I were to rank my personal favorites (maybe top 5 ish?) <br/>
1. VIXX (eternally and forever lol) <br/>
2 or 3. 2NE1 <br/>
2 or 3. INFINITE <br/>
4. NU'EST <br/>
5. GOT7? NU'EST? BTS? MAMAMOO? <strike>BTOB? (unfortunately their non-upbeat songs aren't really my style</strike> FTISLAND? Actually yeah probably FTISLAND in terms of music preference (I lied they'd be first place then) <br/>
(Mamamoo may or may not be next on the list lololol)
<br/><br/>
So anyway...
<br/>
N and Sunggyu are like my ultimate Kpop biases (I can't believe I'm actually using that word now what have I become) and NEO (N/Hakyeon and Leo/Taekwoon of VIXX) and Woogyu (Woohyun and Sunggyu of INFINITE) are probable like my go-to fanfiction ships. Yes. *That* was the fanfiction I was talking about. I can't believe I got into frickin Yaoi.
<br/><br/>
<sub>I'm not creepy I promise (I don't even know like birthdays, heights, blood type, etc. stuff on their profiles that I don't really care about). I just like reading good fanfiction and listening to good music.</sub>
<br/><br/>
Other music I like, that's probably like, Evanescence and Rise Against. Yeah they're pretty cool. Panic At the Disco is okay too, but it's not really my genre. I used to really like Katy Perry to be honest. I'm not really sure, actually but yeah I'd say Evanescence and Rise Against and Kpop are my go-tos. I don't even like the Kpop genre that much though so help me why do I like Kpop so much?
<br/><br/>
Anyway thanks for reading this spiel of my unhealthy obsession with Kpop (I swear it doesn't take up most of my time only like 90% of it, just kidding I spend most of my time reading <strike><sub>fanfiction but shush</sub></strike>).
<br/><br/>
Also VIXX's *Fantasy* came out recently and it sucks that it didn't get enough views for the *Love Me Do* dance practice video (please inform me if it did and I'm just not aware), but Fantasy was awesome and totally deserved more wins on music shows, but the trophies aren't everything and it was awesome so yeah. Nu'est's *Love Paint* and Astro's *Breathless* (which I'll admit I liked even if it was too bright for me), TWO X's *Over*, FTISLAND's *Take Me Now*, BLACKPINK's *Boombayah* and *Whistle*, and 2PM's *Promise* came out and my summer was basically full of Kpop comebacks (for the first time in my life). MORE IMPORTANTLY (more relevant at this time, rather because what is more important to me in terms of Kpop than VIXX?) INFINITE's *The Eye/Typhoon* JUST came out like a few hours(?) ago and it's *so* INFINITE which is good because that was just the style I was looking for. Part of it kind of broke into a Nu'est style ish though, but that's okay. I'm also pretty excited for BTS's comeback, although I wasn't too impressed with *Fire* (it just wasn't my style) and GOT7's comeback this later this month or next. Anyway....
<br/><br/>
TL;DR basically I got obsessed with Kpop even though the music genre is not my style, and I found out I really like OSTs, VIXX, INFINITE, and 2NE1.