---
published: true
title: Comeback
layout: post
---
I'm not worried about BTS's comeback because it happens every time. Dang how did BTS get so popular, apparently they literally broke Melon and got like instant all-kills. And pre-order records... A lot of people say that they aren't that popular in Korea, and I think it's kind of true to an extent (that they aren't really more popular than other groups) but their international success means they must at least have a hefty fanbase in S.K. It's actually really weird for international fans because we don't know who's the popular ones in Korea, and to be honest, the ones that we've heard of are probably the popular ones. For example, Lovelyz is like, barely on the international scene, but apparently they're doing pretty well in Korea?
<br>
Anyway, back to what I said at the beginning, I'm not too worried. Basically, I don't really like Spring Day that much? I don't like the instrumental because it sounds kinda messy and cluttered, and it kinda sounds like they shoved a ton of tracks into it? Also I'm not a fan of the slight rock route they went, because I like rock music and I feel like it just doesn't quite do rock justice. That and it has a bit of a Day6 feel to it, which personally I don't think they pull off quite as well as Day6. But, I'm like 99% certain I'll come to love the song, because that's exactly what happened with Fire and Blood, Sweat and Tears. I'll just give it a few more listens maybe. But Not Today (so proud of myself for that).
<br/>
Yeah basically it.
<br/>
That and TerryTv reacted to "We are number one but it's terrytv" by Lolikitty x, which is extremely satifying because I recommended he react to it. It was great. Legendary. That floppy hand dance though. It would be cool to see a google translate sings thing, but like, with korean google translate. I wonder if it'll sound remotely like the song...
<br/>
:D
